.IX Title "PINC 8"
.TH PINC 8 "2019-09-06" "PINC 1" "PINC Manual"
.\" ================== START OF ACTUAL MAN INFO ============================
.SH "NAME"
PINC \- PINC Is Not Cower!
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
Usage: \fIpinc\fR <operation> <target>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
PINC is a Free and Open Source AUR helper for Arch Linux. PINC is inspired by the simplicity of cower, and developed to be simple to use and independent of pacman, while offering automatization of the updating process.
.SH "OPERATIONS"
.IX Header "OPERATIONS"
.IP "\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR" 4
Display help message and quit.
.IP "\fB\-d\fR" 4
Download \fItarget\fR. Downloads packages. If used with the \fB\-u\fR command, existing outdated packages are downloaded.
.IP "\fB\-s\fR" 4
Search for packages with the \fItarget\fR(s) as the search term(s).
.IP "\fB\-u\fR" 4
Check foreign packages for updates in the \s-1AUR.\s0 Prints all outdated packages.
.IP "\fB\-r\fR" 4
Run makepkg on \fItarget\fR(s). If combined with \fB\-d\fR and \fItarget\fR, the package is downloaded and built. If combined with \fB\-u\fR and \fB\-d\fR, all existing packages are updated. If used without other arguments, all packages in the package folder are built.
.IP "\fB\-c\fR" 4
Clean package folder. Done by deleting the default \fI.Packages\fR folder and creating a new one in its place.
.IP "\fB\-v\fR" 4
Verbose output.
.IP "\fB\-a\fR" 4
Ask user to select packages for operations. Needs to be combined with \fB\-ud\fR, \fB\-udr \fB, \fB\-r\fR, or \fB\-s\fR.
.SH "CONFIG FILE"
PINC honors a config file which is looked for at:
.PP
.Vb 1
\&  $HOME/.config/pinc/config
.Ve
.PP
A documented example config file can be found at /usr/share/doc/pinc/config.
.SH "BUGS"
.IX Header "BUGS"
Report bugs as issues on GitHub or fix them and send a pull request.
.IX "SOURCE CODE"
The source code, and issues can be found at https://github.com/Ledning/PINC
.SH "AUTHORS"
Mathias Leding <mathias@leding.dk>
.br
Jesper Windelborg Nielsen <jesper@windelborg.dk>
